this CEO special of hak5 is brought to
you by gazelle the fastest and easiest
way to sell and recycle your gadgets
from hak5 I'm Shannon Morse coming to
you from show stoppers at CES 2011 and
i'm here with jim from my tech systems
now Jim I personally use this software
all the time with my own bank account
and I know that you guys have done a
plenty of work with a certain company
that I'm with but I wanted to find out a
little bit about the security because I
used to be a bank teller and not having
a physical check in front of me to
deposit gets a little iffy well actually
in very secure product we've been in the
imaging business with banks for over 15
years in the back office and now over
the last two years we've taken the
technology and put it on these little
devices and what's allowed us to do that
is very sophisticated cameras and the
fast data networks that are available to
everybody so we've also been able to
incorporate all the security features
that we've built in over the years we
process today over 10 billion checks
through banks in the back office and
only recently did customers like PayPal
or even usaa launch their products using
technology for my tech to allow check
deposits so security has always been our
number one concern and we do things like
multi-factor authentication data bit
encryption and also we encrypt using
secure socket layer over the airwaves on
top of that banks have several layers of
security they deploy so in partnership
with banks we have a very secure very
scalable system now do you have many
companies that are using my tech soft
systems at the moment we're the leader
in the industry we have patents on our
technology and we're very excited about
the new idea of using your phone's
camera as a virtual scanning device so
we're not limited to deposits only we
actually do photo bill pay in fact
behind us is point shoot and pay and
this is our latest innovation and this
allows us to take a photograph of any
bill or invoice that comes into the mail
to
you you open up the envelope you take
the piece of paper and take a picture
and we can extract the data highly
accurately send it to your bank who uses
the existing online bill pay system and
now you've just paid a bill without even
writing a check no more going to the
bank teller or no more licking stamps in
an envelope now it obviously doesn't
make a difference how many megapixels
your camera can use is that correct it
does make a difference we say the
minimum is about 2 megapixels we
fortunately are in a world now where
every six months new camera phones are
being introduced and smartphones have
typically five megapixels or even more
today so really not an issue anymore is
this free to use for any of the
companies well the neat thing from a
consumer standpoint I guess here we are
at Consumer Electronics Show it is free
it's free to the user banks obviously
work an economic relationship with us as
the vendor and technology innovator but
they offer it free of charge to
customers and that's why I think it's
wonderful about this technology and when
can we see this coming out for the
consumers this product mobile photo bill
paid point shoot pay is actually
commercially available and being piloted
by several banks we think by the end of
2011 it's going to be available broadly
that is awesome I am so excited about
this you guys have saved me plenty of
gas money I can tell you right now if
you guys want to know more about what's
going on at CES 2011 you can find more
information over at revision 3.com / CES
ghazal accepts more than 300,000
products from over 20 different
electronics categories got your eye on
one of the new products over here at CES
because L can get you money for your old
gear when you upgrade shipping is free
on all items of value and in most cases
they'll even send you a box to ship with
also for your green folks out there
ghazal makes all of their recycling
partners adhered to some strict policies
there's no exports no landfill policies
and tons and
of data security standards whether
you're upgrading to a new iphone a new
android device or other tech gear
Gizella is a great way to get cash to
upgrade to the latest tech